## HEY! MY PLEASURE SEEING YOU
###### WELCOME TO MY PORTOLIO
Ambitious Cloud Enginner/Cloud Security Enginneer committed to formulating innovative solutions to challenges while optimizing processes. Polished in developing and implementing security plans and procedures and developing strategies to respond and recover from security breaches. Logical and analytical leader familiar with security tools and technologies such as firewalls, proxy servers etc. searching for positions as a cloud security engineer, cloud engineer, administrator, architect, or solutions architect
###### Skills
Verbal and Written Communication, Teamwork and Collaboration, Google Suite, Attention to Detail, Deadline Adherence, AWS IAM, AWS SIEM, AWS Load Balancing, AWS CI/CD Pipeline, Forensic, EC2, S3 storage services, Databases, DNS using Route 53, VPCs, ELB, Autoscaling, CloudFront, CloudWatch, CloudTrail and Application services such as SNS, SQS, SWF, CloudFormation, Cognito, API Gateway, Lambda and Kinesis, Linux: Managing users, configuring services, Apache-PHP-MYSQL setup, server configuration, Virtual host setup, network troubleshooting, using SSH to connect to remote hosts and general troubleshooting, Creating and updating tables, making simple and nested queries, and more are all covered in basic SQL, C++, Java, Python, Php, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3
#### Hands-On
1. AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate Introduction.2. Amazon Web Services - Learning and Implementing AWS Solution. 3. Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Zero to Hero. 4. Starting your Career with Amazon AWS. 5. Amazon AWS Core services- EC2, VPC, S3, IAM, DynamoDB, RDS. Learn Amazon Web Services (AWS) easily to become Architect. 7. Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2: An Introduction. 8. Amazon Web Services (AWS): CloudFormation. 9. AWS VPC Transit Gateway - Hands On Learning!. 10. Introduction to Cloud Computing for Beginners in 30 mins. 11. AWS Lambda - from ZERO to HERO. 12. Cloud Computing With Amazon Web Services. 13. Amazon AWS Cloud IAM Hands-On. 14. Master Amazon EC2 Basics with 10 Labs. 15. Multitier architecture with AWS. 16. Create and manage VPC on AWS Cloud. 17. Mastering AWS: Featuring IAM. 18. AWS + Serverless. 19. Amazon AWS Cloud EC2 Hands-On. 20. A Practical Introduction to Cloud Computing. 21. Hosting your static website on Amazon AWS S3 service. 22. AWS Tutorials - DynamoDB and Database Migration Service. 23. Getting Started with Amazon Web Services. 24. Build and Deploy a LAMP server on AWS. 25. All About AWS Lambda and Serverless. 26. Serverless computing in AWS.

1. Azure Role Based Access Control. 2. Azure Policy. 3. Azure Resource Manager Locks. 4. MFA, Conditional Access and AAD Identity Protection. 5. Azure AD Privileged Identity Management. 6. Implement Directory Synchronization. 7. Network Security Groups and Application Security Groups. 8. Azure Firewall. 9. Configuring and Securing ACR and AKS. 10. Key Vault (Implementing Secure Data by setting up Always Encrypted). 11. Securing Azure SQL Database. 12. Service Endpoints and Securing Storage. 13. Azure Monitor. 14. Microsoft Defender for Cloud. 15. Microsoft Sentinel. 16. Azure Chat Bot
<!---
MrBona/MrBona is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
